editing pass over the main docs (#1231)
marin-community/marin: docs/tutorials/installation.md

- **GPU**: See [Local GPU Setup](local-gpu.md) for CUDA configuration and multi-GPU support
- **TPU**: See [TPU Setup](../tutorials/tpu-setup.md) for Google Cloud TPU configuration

## Trying it Out

To check that your installation worked, you can go to the [First Experiment](first-experiment.md) tutorial, where
you train a tiny language model on TinyStories on your CPU.  For a sneak preview, simply run:

```bash
wandb offline  # Disable WandB logging
python experiments/tutorial/train_tiny_model_cpu.py --prefix local_store
```

This will:

> 1. Download and tokenize the TinyStories dataset to `local_store/`

Reviewer: actually thinking about it more, we can be a more more precise

```suggestion
1. Stream the TinyStories dataset and tokenize it to `local_store/`
```
